you disappoint me
Garrosh you are not worthy of your
father's legacy
his punishment is not for you alone to
decide I won't let you take him we have
all suffered from his atrocities my
people more than any other
let him stand trial in Pandaria there we
will mete out justice for all
oh look at them
already they plot against us seize this
moment variant dismantle the Horde God's
men
father what are you doing what a king
must do I will speak to your war chief
I speak for the Horde
very well the Horde has committed
heinous crimes for June
but some among you fought against
garages tyranny for that I am willing to
end this bloodshed but know this if your
horde fails to uphold honor as Garrosh
did we will end you